Add README.md for trait codegen (#2751)
smithy-lang/smithy: smithy-trait-codegen/README.md

# Smithy Trait CodeGen

> Smithy build plugin that generates Java trait classes from customized Smithy trait defined with [`@trait`](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/model.html#trait-trait).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains a Smithy build plugin that generates Java trait classes from
customized Smithy trait defined with [`@trait`](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/model.html#trait-trait).
```

> ## Supported Trait Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Trait Types

```

- [**Simple Types**](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/simple-types.html) (Excluding `Blob` and `Boolean`)

> - **Structure**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Structure**, including [annotation traits](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/model.html#annotation-traits)
```

- **List**
- **Set**
- **Map**

> [!NOTE]

> > [Annotation Trait](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/model.html#annotation-traits) is recommended rather than Boolean trait

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Annotation traits](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/model.html#annotation-traits) are recommended
instead of Boolean traits.
```

> ## Supported Smithy Prelude Traits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Smithy Prelude Traits

```

- [@uniqueItems](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/constraint-traits.html#uniqueitems-trait)
- [@deprecatedTrait](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/documentation-traits.html#deprecated-trait)
- [@documentation](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/documentation-traits.html#documentation-trait)
- [@externalDocumentation](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/documentation-traits.html#externaldocumentation-trait)
- [@timestampFormat](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/protocol-traits.html#timestampformat-trait)

## Configuration

The generator supports the following configuration options:

| Option | Description | Required |
|--------|-------------|----------|
| `package` | Java package name for generated classes | Yes |
| `namespace` | Smithy namespace to search for traits | Yes |
| `header` | Header lines to include in generated files | No |
| `excludeTags` | Smithy tags to exclude from generation | No |

An example for `smithy-build.json`:

```json
{
  "version": "1.0",
  "plugins": {
    "trait-codegen": {
      "package": "com.example.traits",
      "namespace": "com.example.traits",
      "header": ["Copyright Example Corp"],
      "excludeTags": ["internal"]
    }
  }
}
```

> ## Getting Started
> ### Configure `smithy-build.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting Started

### Configure `smithy-build.json`

```

To generate Java code for your customized traits, you will add the `trait-codegen` plugin to the
[plugin configuration](https://smithy.io/2.0/guides/smithy-build-json.html) in `smithy-build.json`:

```json
{
  "version": "1.0",
  "sources": ["model"],
  "plugins": {
    "trait-codegen": {
      "package": "io.examples.traits",
      "namespace": "example.traits"
    }
  }
}
```
### Add dependency

#### **Using Smithy CLI**

> If you are using Smithy CLI, you will add dependency in `smithy-build.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Smithy CLI, declare a dependency in `smithy-build.json`:

```

```json
{
    "version": "1.0",
    "sources": ["model"],
    "maven": {
      "dependencies": [
        "software.amazon.smithy:smithy-trait-codegen:1.61.0"
      ]
    }
    "...": "..."
}
```

> Then you can run `smithy build` to build the model and generate Java code for your customized traits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Then, running `smithy build` will build the model and generate Java code for your customized traits.

```

> #### **Using Gradle**
> If you are using Gradle, you will add dependency `id("software.amazon.smithy.gradle.smithy-trait-package").version("1.3.0")` to the `plugin` section in `build.gradle.kts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **Using Gradle**

If you are using Gradle, declare a dependency in the `plugin` section in
`build.gradle.kts`:

```
